docs: add a brief "Overview" section and update the Readme (#257)
rancher/elemental: README.md

# Elemental

> Elemental is a software stack enabling a centralized, full cloud-native cluster management solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Elemental is a software stack enabling a centralized, full cloud-native OS management solution with Kubernetes.
```

Reviewer: Rancher Manager does cluster management, Elemental allows for OS management through Kubernetes 😉

> Cluster Node OSes are built and mainteined via container images through the [Elemental toolkit](https://rancher.github.io/elemental-toolkit/) and installed on new hosts using the [Elemental cli](https://github.com/rancher/elemental-cli).

Reviewer 2: we should probably start using variables for those links and names of the stuff to have the same and be able to change them everywhere. See https://github.com/rosscdh/mkdocs-markdownextradata-plugin#features

Reviewer 2: whhh this comment was meants for the docs, not the readme :D

Author: good idea, done!
